README.md, before:

# che-db-cleaner Project

This project uses Quarkus, the Supersonic Subatomic Java Framework.

If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: https://quarkus.io/ .

## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:
```shell script
./mvnw compile quarkus:dev
```

> **_NOTE:_**  Quarkus now ships with a Dev UI, which is available in dev mode only at http://localhost:8080/q/dev/.

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:
```shell script
./mvnw package
```
It produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `target/quarkus-app/` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/quarkus-app/lib/` directory.

The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar`.

If you want to build an _über-jar_, execute the following command:
```shell script
./mvnw package -Dquarkus.package.type=uber-jar
```

The application, packaged as an _über-jar_, is now runnable using `java -jar target/*-runner.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/che-db-cleaner-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling.

## Related Guides

- RESTEasy Reactive ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/resteasy-reactive)): A JAX-RS implementation utilizing build time processing and Vert.x. This extension is not compatible with the quarkus-resteasy extension, or any of the extensions that depend on it.
- Reactive PostgreSQL client ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/reactive-sql-clients)): Connect to the PostgreSQL database using the reactive pattern

Commit message:

feat: Adding comands and instructions for building images
Signed-off-by: Ilya Buziuk <ibuziuk@redhat.com>

README.md, after:

# che-db-cleaner Project

This project uses Quarkus, the Supersonic Subatomic Java Framework.

If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: https://quarkus.io/ .

## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:
```shell script
./mvnw compile quarkus:dev
```

> **_NOTE:_**  Quarkus now ships with a Dev UI, which is available in dev mode only at http://localhost:8080/q/dev/.

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:
```shell script
./mvnw package
```
It produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `target/quarkus-app/` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/quarkus-app/lib/` directory.

The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar`.

If you want to build an _über-jar_, execute the following command:
```shell script
./mvnw package -Dquarkus.package.type=uber-jar
```

The application, packaged as an _über-jar_, is now runnable using `java -jar target/*-runner.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/che-db-cleaner-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling.

## Creating an image

To build a container image: 

```shell script
./mvnw clean package -Dquarkus.container-image.build=true
```

To push a container image to the registry:

```shell script
./mvnw clean package -Dquarkus.container-image.push=true

```

To build and push the native image to the registry:

```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true -Dquarkus.container-image.build=true -Dquarkus.container-image.push=true
```

The list of released images is available on [quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/ibuziuk/crw-multicluster-redirector?tab=tags)


## Related Guides

- RESTEasy Reactive ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/resteasy-reactive)): A JAX-RS implementation utilizing build time processing and Vert.x. This extension is not compatible with the quarkus-resteasy extension, or any of the extensions that depend on it.
- Reactive PostgreSQL client ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/reactive-sql-clients)): Connect to the PostgreSQL database using the reactive pattern
